Hello, everyone.
Uh,
Yeah, this is my very first time here as a speaker, uh, in the, uh,
Oops, in the,
uh, like event, like this, as well, uh,
Yeah, it sounds like something is wrong with my presentation.
So, uh, we're gonna have, uh, on this session,
right? So, like of course, we,
uh, I begin the topic with, uh, without the test name,
the same way we write the romantic names. So, uh, I mean, we write the romantic song,
right? So, uh, the,
uh,
topic is about how we write
the end-to-end test,
but not about writing it.
How we make sure that whatever end-to-end test,
uh, that we are going to run
is gonna be, uh,
super stable and fast,
right? So, uh, anyone here, uh, like,
uh, there's someone with the, like,
uh, that works with the role of the, uh, like,
Software Automation Engineer, right? The Test Automation Engineer?
Anybody here?
Cool. It sounds like, hm,
You never test it?
Oh, yeah. Uh, that that is that is a good thing, but how how do you know that your software works?
But you you didn't test it.
Keep up to update. It's not bad. Oh, okay.
Okay. That sounds like good idea to
build the software as well, right? So,
Obviously, uh, yeah.
Uh, like, the same motto can also do, uh, with the
elevator. So today, if we don't test the elevator, what happened?
Would like to jump into the elevator that
does not get uh, properly test
and risk your life as a testing material?
Sounds interesting. So, yeah, opt me out.
I probably don't want. So, uh, testing the software is a matter of, uh,
take a care and make the software reliable for the, uh, user
like, despite they are customer or non-customer, right? So we being responsible for what
we deliver to them, right? So wrong software
rule or automation. Uh uh or I mean wrong software, rule or functional
can
cost the business loss.
and uh it can also
go back as a punishment on our backlog, on your backlog, on my backlog, as
back to fix. So we we begin uh like
our unending journey of uh
fixing the bugs.
But I do understand one thing that uh software testing is costly.
Really costly. It's uh it's it's not easy
uh start to be conduct with, right?
So we have the easy way that we try to
do and everyone uh prob
probably familiar with it, which is the uh unit testing, right?
Right. The uh the real problem with the unit testing is it actually tests
one thing
in too much isolation, but
the software itself
does not work in isolate.
Right.
We can test how our uh
JSON stringify works.
But uh we never test whatever
real uh credit uh credit card transaction uh like
that got performed on our system.
That can be the case, as well, right? So, we don't want, we don't want to deliver the software that
Uh, we'll end up as creating the damage to the user or to the
uh, to ourselves in the long run.
So,
Uh, but how can we write
the test, uh, effectively, right?
So, uh, yeah, so, I, I
begin the session, right? This session is about conducting the test here. So, a lot of
uh, text here, uh, you can capture and read it later. I already mentioned, right?
So, uh, today we, uh, like, what I am going to show you
is, uh, the ability to run
whatever end-to-end test,
uh,
with one minute per test case, within one minute.
And end-to-end means, uh, if you're working with the, uh, website application,
you start your website, you start your BFF, and you
configure, uh, everything and run your UI test, right? The full UI test, right?
And also,
in the matter of, uh,
really, really high reliability.
So it means that when your test fails, most of the time, it's because of your functional, not the system or environment overall, right?
Right. When we, and then
it can also make it parallel. So
I'm not sure I can share, but
today, at the team I work with,
we run these kind of tests, like I think, more than 100.
I don't, I don't remember the number,
and the pipeline that we write it and run these tests,
it's done within 15 minutes
with 90% plus stability.
This is the number that I know, right?
Right.
So, and the second thing, second thing is
second bullet is something that I think everyone
is familiar with it, right? When you work with the system, right?
you develop the set of knowledge on how your business
works, right? Or how your system performs with the business, on how
the, like, the system dynamic,
mean how system, like,
group to each other and
Uh, they will deliver the result, right? So
Uh, the problem about this thing is
if you don't have the proper way to record the functionality
as well as the, uh, validating your
uh, some, uh, functional
you
you become a bottleneck.
What does it mean by bottleneck?
Think about the situation that everyone have to run to you
uh, asking you, uh, how these things work,
how this feature work, how the login, uh, work,
how the inventory
works, right? How this particular set of the function works.
And they need to rely on you, like, and you cannot
uh, do anything else because this question will go to you every time, right?
And
at some worst case,
when you leave or or the person who build, uh, who work on this particular function
left the company or left the team,
like this code become something we call
legacy
because we don't know what it, uh, what it is.
We just know that we don't, uh, if we don't touch it, everything works.
And if we touch it, yeah, something funny happened.
Like, don't touch it on Friday, uh, evening.
Everything is okay. So, uh
So, but how how can we
get out of this situation? How can we document
the business rule, the
uh, the software
functionality rule
and use it as our testing
way?
It
have a less
coupling
to uh, the system.
Right.
Coupling means, uh, think about unit test, right? When you refactor
all your unit tests, probably
can compile. And you need to change all your unit tests
to uh, conform with whatever you refactor, and you start to wondering
whether you fix the test correctly or not.
This is where, this is where, uh, the unit test
uh, introduce a coupling to the system.
So, uh, how can we make a test to be more like black box,
that have less coupling? Of course we have, uh, we still have
need to have some coupling like uh, the same tech stack,
uh, some kind of same platform, but
at least we want to have a test that uh, we, number one, we understand, and everyone who read this
understand.
and it
perform
separately
this regard on uh
our systems implementation
So, to avoid it
Like I I I think uh some
Some of you already know the answer, right?
So, to write the
requirement
Uh we use Cucumber and Gherkin
Right, uh
Oh
Uh
Uh sorry. Uh
Gherkin is the language
And then uh Cucumber is uh with the
uh more like the name of the platform, right?
Right. I think you probably know the the term called given when then
Right.
On this attempt, what we gonna do is we gonna use Cucumber to specify
the system environment in the way that you want it to be.
For instance, uh if you working on the like class
application or some application with the
server side and client side, right? Your application will
be stacked in a way like you have the web client or
Angular client, whatsoever with client, then you have backend for frontend that
dealing with the data fetching and a lot of backend that you don't control.
Right.
So, we will use Cucumber to
precondition, those backend.
in a way that
we can
be sure that whatever we
mark as a mock or precondition
are properly validated with the
provider or can be, at least it can be, right?
So,
which come into the second
step.
Means uh we want to use
Uh normally when we write the
test, right? You use Jest
and then you uh probably mock some uh
like some class, some instance, some function
to return uh what you expect, right? So
uh but at this time, we will use PACT
to mock the whole server.
And we will start
the server
on the test
every time, right? So think about your test case, one of your test case, one of your scenario, you configure how your uh backend gonna behave.
And then you perform some action and then you can expect
the immutable
response.
Right.
So, uh in this
Indeed, uh, on this, uh, the
On this session, I will use just, uh, Elixir
I think I heard the good name here.
Bun and React to demonstrate the idea.
Right, but, uh, this idea also works with another, uh, kind of application.
Uh, we also use this, uh, similar idea on our, uh
webpage that we build today.
So, like, before we go, right,
one big
mistake
when we are using Cucumber
is
All right. Cucumber itself is not the test case.
is the matter of how you document your requirement
and use it
as your test case.
You probably work on the company that asks you to, hey, uh, yeah, just write Cucumber, and
maybe you have a lot of the long Cucumber file that you don't understand what what what
it is, right? So,
like, uh,
Cucumber is there
you only and always
have three stage,
right?
So, uh, other other things else are considered as anti-pattern, right?
So,
we describe the immutable system condition before
action happening on events.
So, you start your test case on given. You describe how
your database behave, how the backend behave, how
uh, your browser going to be, right? Then describe everything under given.
And then, you describe
the action
that the user
uh, if you, uh, if you build the end user application,
uh, or the event if you build the event-driven application or backend, right?
Let's describe the action.
on when.
Preferably, uh, use only single when clause.
Right? Because multiple when clauses most of the time will, uh, make your test
become the, uh, become something else, right?
So, and it, uh, most of the time create the anti-pattern.
And then, uh, on, on the last
uh, on the last section, it's just then.
Then is the expectation.
So, you know, precondition, you set given. Given I have this, this, this, this,
uh, when this happens, then this is my result.
For instance,
I am a user.
I
I have credit card.
When I
put my credit card on the system,
then my credit card
will be served on the system, right? So, just simple, uh,
precondition and then action and then, uh,
outcome.
Or if you familiar with another form of test, especially in the unit test
pattern, it is called
arrange, act, and assert.
Same pattern, different name.
Right? And why, why Cucumber? I already, uh, spoke about it, right?
Uh, the problem about the integration test is
the dynamic.
Anyone here work with the game company before?
Like, anyone here build game?
Yeah.
No.
Uh,
on the game industry.
Like, if you build a game, there are a concept. It's called, uh, like,
mechanic, dynamic, and aesthetic, MDA.
Right. So, the concept is easy. Mechanic is the rule of the, like, system or your game.
Uh, dynamic is how
the user gonna use
the
mechanic or how to use the mechanic. So, they give
the dynamic. Uh, so they give the
aesthetic or feeling, right? So, the
dynamic in this context, it means that
uh, the system when, uh, when it
got glue together or work together, right?
They have many pre-condition, many stuff can happen. And we can have many, many, many, uh,
outcome based on each, uh, like, condition.
Right? Let's say server down,
or our server start to return, uh, CAPTCHA.
And then we need to, uh,
like, figure it out how to deal with it, right?
So, uh, on Cucumber, it provides
very, very good, uh, pattern on how we deal with the
dynamic or address the non-dynamic.
Right? So, based on given, when, then clause,
and with those given, when, then, it also allows us to run some linting rule
to ensure that, uh, all of the
test case, or the way we write or address the test case are properly conducted.
Right.
So,
Yeah, of course, you can also use this on another form, like,
uh, but also, uh, to make
sure that your integration test works
uh, in the way that, uh, you can use this for document,
like this pattern of arrange, act, assert
are required.
Right.
Otherwise, if you do the model-based testing,
Uh, anyone here know the term called model-based testing?
Anyone here used to work with the QA, and QA draw you a figure
on the feature, and then draw the mind map
on how things going to work.
Yeah, yeah, you can start that. So, uh, yeah.
So, I used to work with that, uh, like
mechanic as well. We call this model-based testing where you model your problem, and you
try to understand the uh
like every possible outcome.
And the problem with that outcome is
is too
uh complicated.
Like you uh let's say you build a simple uh Agoda website,
It's not simple, by the way. So uh
So so you you have to start
from the first page, right? You search for the hotel, and then you
go to the uh room, you select room, you go to booking
form, you do the payment, you check
the uh
after booking or like uh MMB page.
This is what we call like I I don't remember the full name, right?
So,
uh you check your bookings, and then uh this is the end of the test case.
Think about you need to write the
automation from the first page to the last page. How long is going to take?
And how hard is going to
make you need to precondition your application.
Right?
Like
it's gonna be difficult, right? So that's why we need
uh some pattern, some right pattern
to ensure that uh we we know what we uh are testing, right?
So, uh, I think I speak a lot of boring principle, uh,
uh,
I want to build something.
now, and that is the way I speak.
So, uh, yeah, one motto that I love
uh, about being agile is working software is the measure of progress.
So, yeah.
uh,
So, we want to build something
was so small. We want to build a basic
online rock-paper-scissors game using server-client, right? So, the mechanic
The game rule mechanic is simple.
Uh, we have rock win scissor. Everyone know it. Everyone know how to play, right?
So, and some constraint to make sure that we don't
uh, or I don't overcomplicate the
uh, example I gonna demonstrate you is we're gonna have
uh,
server
Server side will be will randomly pick
the answer and then will decide whether the game
uh, who who win the game, to be precise, right? So,
and then we have a client side that, uh, just send the information on what you pick
to the server and server will tell you, uh, whether you win or lose the game.
Easy, simple mechanic, right?
Uh, I put the QR code here. You can scan. Uh, it's not the prompt pay, it's the link to the GitHub.
which is like later, sure.
Right. So, uh, yeah, the text stack is simple. We have Pact.
We have
This blue box, it's called test container.
Anyone here know Docker?
Yeah, I think everyone know, right?
Docker, uh
Test container itself is the way that you write
the program on your favorite language that talk to the Docker, uh, engine.
The same way that you write the, uh, Docker
uh, file.
Right, it allows us to dynamically create the container at
the need or programmatically create the container at the need of our, uh, like
uh, requirement. And we're going to use it to create our mock server.
Right.
Uh, yeah, just small thing.
Kubernetes also do the same thing as the
uh, test container, but with last, larger scale, right?
So, another thing we're going to do is, is the CucumberJS.
Actually, they have many languages.
But since we are BKK.js, so I use JS at this session.
And also I think
Uh everyone know this icon?
Like we're gonna use Bun to build the application.
Right.
And the reason I I I choose Bun because it looks cute, nothing in particular.
Yeah. And yeah, we use another
Uh framework, a popular framework from Thai
engineer, right? I I don't remember who built it. It's called Alicia.
Nice name, I like it.
Yeah.
Cool. So uh let's see how how how we can build this software
and paste the information together, right?
So,
client side
handle the user input, send to the server,
server decide whether you win or lose.
Right.
And uh server uh random.
In this situation, the server we are going to build
will produce the random num- uh random output.
So if we want to build a test case that end-to-end,
like it's gonna be very difficult
to
uh predict the server outcome, right?
We
Luckily,
is the same way as the software
dynamic that we that we are
working on, right? And when you work on many teams, uh, servers
team can change the behavior of the server without inform you. So, in this
example, we, uh, I'm going to demonstrate you the way we can, uh, mock those server
the way that we can, uh, ensure that
the server knows, uh, what they are doing.
Uh
And then everything beside the server side where client will be served under
dev server
because I don't want to make, uh, a stuff, uh, super complicated, right? So, the client side will have
the BFF, back-end for front-end as a dev server.
Right.
So, how can, how can we make it happen?
At first,
right? I want to be BDD. I really want to be BDD. I
I am the big fan of BDD. So,
I start the project. Uh, I hope it
like, I think it's too, a little bit too small.
Perfect.
Okay.
Uh, the battery is out
for both microphone. So, uh, yeah. So, we
uh, like,
Uh, I, I don't know how to make it bigger, but, yeah, the example project contains three
folder, right? The first folder is the acceptance
means, uh, when we do BDD, we create the acceptance test, right?
So, and the second server
Uh, this server is a little bit tricky. It should be on different GitHub, but I want to make it simple, so I put it here.
Right, the server side, uh, consider the server side is, uh, as some server, uh, that
uh, some, uh, another
person
not you or not your team or not your company built.
Right. You just, uh, write the client that
consume the data from them, right?
So, and then client is, uh, what we are going to test, right?
So, what we are going to do is two things.
We want to do BDD, and we want to do
the second, uh, technique called
consumer-driven contract testing.
All right.
Anyone know this term before?
Oh, yeah. Done. Uh,
Who know?
Right.
Yeah. So, uh, done.
Uh, yeah. Maybe you need to zoom in your
ID or VS Code. It's kind of too small. Okay.
But, uh, I think I can, I need to open it here.
Command? Control command?
I see.
How to make it bigger?
Yeah.
มัน
มันไม่ใหญ่ขึ้น
ขอโทษ
อืม
เห้ย
ไม่ขึ้น
โอเค
มันต้อง
หรือว่าเราดูใน GitHub เลย
ครับ VS Code ใช่มั้ยครับ เปิด VS Code หน่อยได้มั้ยครับ
VS Code. Okay.
ขอบคุณครับ
ขอโทษนะครับ
ฮะ
ใช่ครับ ขอบคุณครับ
Okay. Uh yeah, it's a little bit of the technical uh hustle.
So, yeah, uh going back to our beloved uh
like server. So we want to begin the acceptance test because we
we want to write a test first. So we want to be a real test driven.
Right? And also we want to make sure that our test server are very stable.
So we want to use the consumer driven contract testing.
Like under the hood, it's just simple way to write the mock server and it's gonna generate the
uh the rule of that mock server means uh this request is gonna respond like this.
And both request and response
will be called contract and it's gonna get used
by the uh
server side to validate that to validate dashing against us.
So the con the concept is pretty simple. Uh it's just
uh if you're working as a backend engineer,
you probably have uh a lot of question on
uh whether I changed the behavior or changed the API,
uh if it is gonna broke my uh website or someone who consume my API or not.
Like, or, uh, if you are working with the front-end API
you probably want to make sure that server does not send something strange, right?
and consumer-driven contract testing work in that way.
But we will begin first with the
feature files.
Here is how I write the feature file. Very simple.
I begin first with the rule.
Rule, simple, simple term, not, uh, not
fancy like scenario.
Rule is, you describe what can do, what cannot do.
Right? So this is what, uh, what the rule said.
A match will decide winner based on the option player and NPC pick.
Right?
So, scenario will be easy, right? You pick something,
server decide whether you win or lose,
and then you show to the user, right?
So, uh, yeah.
You pick. Yeah, I, I put the
bullet on given and when and then like this, so it's
probably hard to understand, but let me show you the
real, uh, working software, right?
Okay, this is the real working software.
Like when you, uh,
Yeah, the UI is pretty rough. So, rock-paper-scissor.
You pick one, and then
Yeah, if you are lucky, you win.
Yeah, if you are not lucky, you lose.
Server will randomly
give the response.
And now, the challenge is we need to make sure that we create the test
that we be able to
uh, run it properly.
Right. And it should be end-to-end test.
It could
Like we can make the test very stable by writing the unit test on each
uh, component by render the component and then uh
like uh or write some mock, right? But now,
I don't want that component. I want to be end-to-end.
So,
The game work like this. Uh the rules are on the server side
and we have to test it.
So what we do first, we create the feature file this
uh like this. Right. If you work with the
team with the business or with the customer, this is where you uh need to write
uh the document on. And you need And you This document
will serve as your
Bye bye.
Everything working. Yeah. Success.
Yeah, we have We have We have other session before this, so they are They might already drain all batteries.
The battery is out. So, uh
Yeah.
So, uh we want, we want uh continue after that, so
we have the feature file already here, right? So we build the server and client
by the
uh then
we start building the code, right? So we want some UI
since it's uh tangible and we can like touch it and feel it. We build the UI first.
So we start build a UI, we
Bootstrap. This one we are bun
uh in its command and then boom!
everything everything happened here.
Right.
Then uh we go into app.tsx.
Right. So next, going to be very simple.
What we're going to do is we create
one uh we create the app component
An app component have one function uh that
call handle play. In each handle play, uh
it it is the event that got fired after onClick
on each button that we create below.
Right, we create three button, rock paper scissor.
Uh we put data tested ID, so it is easier for like
uh automation test.
Then, uh, this one
After you click on each button, it sends
the, uh, request to the API.
Normally, normally this one you probably done it
to your backend for frontend.
Like your frontend code probably doesn't look like this.
But since I want to demonstrate to you fast, so like
The API itself has one function, extra function, so
we can overlay
the target API on each, each time you start the, uh,
server, right? Or start the UI.
Now the UI is done, you just send the API, and the API is
uh, API mesh action.
Like, just, uh, we, we send the action to API on the mesh, right?
So then, respond nothing.
Fancy, unless it's error, we don't, we do not, uh, we, we just
set the, like, uh, the data that
responds from the API.
API decides, right? So the response here.
No logic in the client side.
Then, uh, the API
we do it. So let's say we are on different teams, we build this API.
Then we start it on the ECS server, right?
So we create one action here, one post action here.
receive the body, uh, receive the player action and then randomly pick the
NPC choice, means uh NPC non-player character, right? NPC choice. And then
it evaluate whether uh you or them or NPC are the winner,
right? Evaluation is is a
like not not that big deal. So we just uh do some small calculation here.
uh in the server side logic, so we will skip
like uh but this thing works.
So uh
Yep.
After that,
the most
challenging part is here.
So we want to build the uh
the
automation, right? So we use
this package.
So at first, uh what we do is by
อันนี้เปลี่ยนให้แล้ว
อ่า โอเค
So uh we use yarn add Cucumber add
Expect foundation
for our consumer driven contract testing.
And test library, uh this one is not neat, it just uh use it for boilerplate code.
And then yeah, this one is as uh IO, we need it.
for doing some magic behind
Get port as well to doing some magic behind.
And then another one, test container.
Right. Another one is the node, obviously, right? So we have Playwright.
So everyone, uh, fancy about Playwright. This part, it's just the wrapper of the
uh, Selenium, but it's cool wrapper, by the way.
So, yeah, we have Playwright here.
So,
how do we define the test?
Right.
So, uh, in
Cucumber.js,
uh, uh, the pattern that
we we we work with the Cucumber.js, they
tend to be different than
uh, other languages. So like, uh,
Yeah. So what we do here is we create the step binding.
Right. Every time when you have the feature file, but
don't have the step binding and you run the Cucumber,
it gonna
tell you, uh, automatically the snippet
uh, that you can copy and paste into the new
and into your bindings, uh, which I can show you for a moment.
So let me rename this. So, uh, like
ครับ
So, yeah.
So we run it with bun.
Run
Yeah, you see.
Oops.
So it will generate the
snippet of the uh step binding.
Like pretty different than Java,
or C# if you work with C# or other language that have the code generator.
This one it generate on
on during your run and you need to copy and paste on your step bindings.
And after that you need to do some like template thing to make sure that you
you you can pass the uh value
with the template properly, right? So,
Uh yeah, this one is too detail. Uh you can check the document later.
Right. So,
what I did here is I copy everything.
And then
the next thing is on the given cost
I have the global uh where is uh global
variables address here or world object.
Uh if you're familiar with JavaScript, right?
So, TypeScript does not have world object. So I need to declare it like this.
Then
uh this one we
collect the test state.
Fortunately, on each Cucumber run
Uh, this global will be
different. This this object will be different on each run.
Like, uh, thanks for the Cucumber folks, right?
So, we collect
the precondition from the given cause here.
And we we do nothing fancy, right? We don't do we don't perform any direction. We don't even
open the browser here.
Right.
on our given code is more like
builder pattern, if you familiar with it, like you configure
your object this way, this way, this way.
and you'll be with
And now we're going to go to the
more exciting part, which is when
Right.
on when
this is where the action got performed.
We set up the server. We set up the mock server.
And then
we perform the action on this method.
How can I set up the server here?
So, uh, let's start with our first function.
There are few steps that uh I I I I create here, right? Number one,
we want to build
the
provider, right?
contract.
consumer contract.
Then
we start test Sorry to disturb. Um, you are running
Uh um I'm afraid you already run out of time. So maybe you can get take like another five minutes.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Sorry, sorry for running out of time. So, yeah.
Uh let's continue fast. Then we have the server here.
We have the uh server and then this this is where we start the pack server.
Okay. So, uh, how pack work?
Let's go to build game contract, right?
Your game contract itself will invoke PACT.
What we did here are the
First line is bootstrap. You can check how PACT works.
The most interesting part are here.
So, you configure how your server going to behave here.
Then, you run verify and finalize, so PACT going to dump the thing called
uh contract.json at this state.
Right.
So, uh I'm afraid I don't have that much time, so yeah.
We have the contract.json, and then
next we start the PACT stub server.
Simple uh container code.
that uh we create the
container, Docker container,
and uh from PACT foundation, and then mount the contract part
to the container and start it on the random port, right? We we start a random port.
And then
we
create the uh we start the game client.
Since it's uh like
most dirtiest way to start the game client because we we want to start the browser, right?
We don't want to render our test.
We start the browser, we are like execute a thing, we create the command line, we override the server here.
And then, boom, the magic happened. Below, we launched the uh
browser.
that talk to the client side.
or webpack the server here.
Then, uh it's not webpack, it's bundle server.
Then after that, uh we just click on the button, if you notice.
Right? And then, uh yeah, just expect the result. Right.
So,
Alright.
Cool.
I think something gonna crash.
Yeah.
Now, we have two test cases, or three.
Yeah. Well, one test case failed. Maybe I do some modification, but two passed. Yeah.
So we try to validate the rule, uh, based on this thing. Right.
So, one test case failed, uh, which is the draw. Maybe I put the wrong term here.
And after that, uh, yes, in the end. So I want to show you one thing, very cool.
This is what we call contract.
And this is why the magic happens.
This contract is the configurator of your microservice or your environment.
And this contract
can be consumed and used by the server.
Right. So we can load this file
and use it as their own test.
So, server side, uh, can be sure that
uh, when you change something, when you refactor something,
you know
what
to test against your consumer.
Right.
So, um, unfortunately we're running out of time. So I have, we've crossed the
uh, session at this point.
So, anyone have the question?
Right.
Uh, does anyone have any questions? Um, you can raise your hand up. I will send a mic to you.
Nah.
Uh
I wonder how like how many test kits
Can it be it depends on how how we write the Cucumber file
Yeah, it depends on how many Cucumber or how many uh like
scenario you want. Oh. Yeah.
And you can create this
uh full stack application
per one of your scenario. Oh. Yeah.
everyone at your uh run host
machine allow to do so as well.
But it's kind of like uh we don't need to
specify all
the test kit by ourselves.
But like give it some example and Yeah. Oh.
So the rest will be generated. Yeah, the rest will be generated.
Right. So uh it it it uh like we we need to uh
like do some manual work of course if uh the interactions are not there.
But if the interaction are there, you just reuse whatever uh the builder has and then just change the
parameters. Oh. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah.
So
Yeah. So please give an applause. Thank you.
Okay.